README.md, before:

# Human ID ![test](https://github.com/orf/human_id/workflows/test/badge.svg) [![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/human-id.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/human-id)

A simple library for generating human IDs like `look-dead-game-story` or `get-nice-office-side`. 

Install with `pip install human-id`

Usage:

```python
from human_id import generate_id

# Simple: "appear-hard-idea-case"
generate_id()

# Custom separator: "do,past,job,number"
generate_id(separator=",")

# More words: "say-may-ask-traditional-power-week"
generate_id(word_count=10)

# Custom seed - the same UUID will produce the same ID.
import uuid
generate_id(seed=uuid.uuid4())
```

## CLI

This module also comes with a small command line tool: `humanid-gen`

```
❯ humanid-gen --help
Usage: humanid-gen [OPTIONS]

  Generate human readable IDs

Options:
  --words INTEGER  Number of words
  --sep TEXT       Separator
  --seed TEXT      Seed to use
  --count INTEGER  Number of IDs to generate
  --help           Show this message and exit.
```

## Implementation

This library contains 100 of the most common English nouns, adjectives and verbs, and will 
generate a phrase containing several of each type, in the order `verb, adjective, noun`.

The most common words where chosen because they are typically shorter and simpler to read or type, 
which is a key property of human readable IDs.

By default the ID will contain 4 words, which means there are `300^4` possible IDs (8,100,000,000). If your 
use case requires more IDs then you can up the number of words at the expense of the readability factor. To 
have the same number of possible IDs as UUIDs you require 15 words:

`may-hold-come-foreign-low-white-cold-team-point-study-others-home-service-body-child`

Commit message:

Replace word lists to be more sfw

README.md, after:

Changed the word lists to be from https://github.com/RienNeVaPlus/human-id because some
combinations from the original are not always nice

---

# Human ID ![test](https://github.com/orf/human_id/workflows/test/badge.svg) [![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/human-id.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/human-id)

A simple library for generating human IDs like `look-dead-game-story` or `get-nice-office-side`. 

Install with `pip install human-id`

Usage:

```python
from human_id import generate_id

# Simple: "appear-hard-idea-case"
generate_id()

# Custom separator: "do,past,job,number"
generate_id(separator=",")

# More words: "say-may-ask-traditional-power-week"
generate_id(word_count=10)

# Custom seed - the same UUID will produce the same ID.
import uuid
generate_id(seed=uuid.uuid4())
```

## CLI

This module also comes with a small command line tool: `humanid-gen`

```
❯ humanid-gen --help
Usage: humanid-gen [OPTIONS]

  Generate human readable IDs

Options:
  --words INTEGER  Number of words
  --sep TEXT       Separator
  --seed TEXT      Seed to use
  --count INTEGER  Number of IDs to generate
  --help           Show this message and exit.
```

## Implementation

This library contains 100 of the most common English nouns, adjectives and verbs, and will 
generate a phrase containing several of each type, in the order `verb, adjective, noun`.

The most common words where chosen because they are typically shorter and simpler to read or type, 
which is a key property of human readable IDs.

By default the ID will contain 4 words, which means there are `300^4` possible IDs (8,100,000,000). If your 
use case requires more IDs then you can up the number of words at the expense of the readability factor. To 
have the same number of possible IDs as UUIDs you require 15 words:

`may-hold-come-foreign-low-white-cold-team-point-study-others-home-service-body-child`
